docs(nvim_set_keymap): specify that optional arguments defaults to false (#18177)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/api.txt

                            for |:map|.
                    {lhs}   Left-hand-side |{lhs}| of the mapping.
                    {rhs}   Right-hand-side |{rhs}| of the mapping.
                    {opts}  Optional parameters map: keys are
                            |:map-arguments|, values are booleans (default
                            false). Accepts all |:map-arguments| as keys
                            excluding |<buffer>| but including |noremap| and
                            "desc". Unknown key is an error. "desc" can be

>                             used to give a description to keymap. When called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            used to give a description to the mapping. When called
```
